info.md, before:

# Linkplay-based speakers and sound devices

This component allows you to integrate control of audio devices based on Linkplay chipset into your [Home Assistant](http://www.home-assistant.io) smart home system. Originally developed by nicjo814, maintained by limych. This version mostly rewritten by nagyrobi. Read more about Linkplay at the bottom of this file.

Fully compatible with Mini Media Player card for Lovelace UI by kalkih, including speaker group management.

[Configuration details and documentation](https://github.com/nagyrobi/home-assistant-custom-components-linkplay#installation)


## Supported features:
- Configurable input sources list, to match choices in HA with the pyhsical inputs available on each device
- Configurable Icecast webradio streams as additional input sources
- Retrieval of current playing content metadata from Icecast webradio streams and filenames on directly attached USB sticks
- Retrieval of coverart from last.fm service based on current playing content metadata
- Multirooom in both WiFi-Direct and Router mode, using sonos-like standard 'join' and 'unjoin' service calls.
- Recall of music presets stored on the device
- Snapshot and restore state of the player for smooth usage with TTS
- Browsing and playing media files from the directly attached USB sticks through Lovelace UI
- Linkplay-chipset specific commands through HA service calls

## About Linkplay

Linkplay is a smart audio chipset and module manufacturer. Their various module types share the same functionality across the whole platform and alow for native audio content playback from lots of sources, including local inputs, local files, Bluetooth, DNLA, Airplay and also web-based services like Icecast, Spotify, Tune-In, Deezer, Tidal etc. They allow setting up multiroom listening environments using either self-created wireless connections or relying on existing network infrastructure, for longer distances coverage. For more information visit https://linkplay.com/.
There are quite a few manufacturers and devices that operate on the basis of Linkplay platform. For more information check out the [documentation](https://github.com/nagyrobi/home-assistant-custom-components-linkplay#about-linkplay)

## Component authors & contributors
    "@nicjo814",
    "@limych",
    "@nagyrobi"

[Support forum](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/linkplay-integration/33878/133)

Commit message:

update readme for this yolo fork

info.md, after:

# Linkplay-adjacent WiiM speakers

This component allows you to integrate control of WiiM Mini/Pro audio devices into your [Home Assistant](http://www.home-assistant.io) smart home system. Originally developed by nicjo814, maintained by limych. The [source of this fork](https://github.com/nagyrobi/home-assistant-custom-components-linkplay) was rewritten by nagyrobi. Read more about Linkplay at the bottom of this file.

This fork adds support for WiiM Mini/Pro devices. As I don't actually have either of these devices, and was helping someone else get them to work, I can't support this custom component without a LOT of back and forth from you, dear reader. So if you post an issue, be prepared to include all relevant log entries, and be willing to engage in some async discussion!

Fully compatible with [Mini Media Player card for Lovelace UI](https://github.com/kalkih/mini-media-player) by kalkih, including speaker group management.

[Configuration details and documentation](https://github.com/spdustin/home-assistant-custom-components-linkplay#installation)


## Supported features:
- Configurable input sources list, to match choices in HA with the pyhsical inputs available on each device
- Configurable Icecast webradio streams as additional input sources
- Retrieval of current playing content metadata from Icecast webradio streams and filenames on directly attached USB sticks
- Retrieval of coverart from last.fm service based on current playing content metadata
- Multirooom in both WiFi-Direct and Router mode, using sonos-like standard 'join' and 'unjoin' service calls.
- Recall of music presets stored on the device
- Snapshot and restore state of the player for smooth usage with TTS
- Browsing and playing media files from the directly attached USB sticks through Lovelace UI
- Linkplay-chipset specific commands through HA service calls

## About Linkplay

Linkplay is a smart audio chipset and module manufacturer. Their various module types share the same functionality across the whole platform and alow for native audio content playback from lots of sources, including local inputs, local files, Bluetooth, DNLA, Airplay and also web-based services like Icecast, Spotify, Tune-In, Deezer, Tidal etc. They allow setting up multiroom listening environments using either self-created wireless connections or relying on existing network infrastructure, for longer distances coverage. For more information visit https://linkplay.com/.
There are quite a few manufacturers and devices that operate on the basis of Linkplay platform. For more information check out the [documentation](https://github.com/nagyrobi/home-assistant-custom-components-linkplay#about-linkplay)

## Component authors & contributors
    "@nicjo814",
    "@limych",
    "@nagyrobi",
    "@spdustin"

[Support forum](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/linkplay-integration/33878/133) (tag spdustin)
